u in the article
samsung live and pci 3305 than this is one of the most
available today in
touch phones it is different
attractive design
miniature in size and very
good equipment on their
money
m
everything
the phone is in the monoblock format
almost the entire front panel
which is sensitive
clicking on the screen any 4 inch replacement
type of sun used ra resistive
which means they can be used and
gloved hands
using a thin object
recall that the capacity of the display
works only when you touch your fingers
which is not always convenient the entire body of the phone
made of glossy plastic
which is pretty quickly covered
prints along with that compact
brilliantly monoblock with rounded edges
and transparent edging looks
much more expensive than their real value
besides black there are also
white brown and pink version
phone control is mainly entrusted
us naughty interface but there are 5 hardware
keys three of them vertebra return and
Hang up is right under the screen two more
volume rocker and
the screen lock on the sides is interesting
that presence is highlighted
rewind navigation key
controls responds button
adjust the volume on the top
the faces are hidden under the cap
port micro ride and standard
three and a half years audio jack
near which is hiding
completeness air back cover
fixed tight lift up is
basis for memory cards format amiko with
di m
everything
samsung budget go 3305 than based on
closed operating system
branded
bears the name from an eyewitness light 2 0
the main screen initially contains
four desktops when needed them
the amount can be increased to seven by
each one can install useful
the default widgets are clock calendar and
quick links to 4 pins and 4
applications in the bottom line are located
three connected keys keyboard pins
name pressing last launches at
the main menu is made as
three screens containing 9 each
offer pictograms each
high-quality large screen with enough
high resolution of 240x320 pixels and fast
interface allows no problem and
annoying slowdowns
manage the phone
affordable cost could not affect
on the functionality of the device however in
the result is a set of its capabilities
pretty good
in addition to the standards for the gun
entertainment tools phone
equipped with a camera for 1 3 megapixel module
graduates receiver two
multimedia speakers and
memory card support microtest live
also popular
social networks and photo hosting start
production of moris by st twitter letters
picasa and so on except standard
components supplied
wired stereo headset included
manufacturer's data from full charge
one thousand milliamp battery
hours the phone is able to work
at 12 o'clock in talk mode or almost
month idle for what
hard enough to believe considering
the presence of such a voracious
element like the sun to sailors
so
samsung residents of russia 3305 than cute
miniature and maximum available
candy bar is best suited to those who
dreams of getting comfortable in
using apparatus
with an intuitive control center and when
Do not overpay for unnecessary
additional functionality
3 in the article